The Joe Rogan experience,
the whole thing is what's,
what's uncomfortable is that it's very,
they're very little conversations taking place and a lot of people that are like
really angry.
Yeah.
You know?
I was watching this guy suddenly some representative,
I don't even know his name,
but he was offering a hundred dollars to name the,
these girls that were in front of a,
um,
planned parenthood.
And um,
he's like a grown man that these,
they're girls,
they're young Christian girls.
What do you mean name them?
As in like all the names so he can shame them publicly.
Cool.
Very smart.
This guy's name and,
but he's offering on this video $100 like,
but this is where people have gotten to where they think that that's okay.
Yeah.
Like these people you have,
like,
I know you're there to support a woman's right to choose,
but you have to understand that these people think that this is a place where
they kill babies.
Yeah.
All right.
This is what they think.
Whether regardless of what you think,
this is why they're there,
they're not there because they're evil.
Right.
And I know that this would put unwanted pressure on a grows going there for an
abortion.
I get it.
I get the whole thing.
Yeah.
I get it from your side and I see where they're coming from too.
And although I fully support a woman's right to choose you,
you can't want to dox people that think they're saving babies or talking someone
into having a child that and that child,
they think we'll become the kind of relationship with that child and that mother
become like their mother and them or like the ideal version of that.
I mean,
that's what they're,
they're not doing it because they're bad people.
Right?
Like there's some groups that do it just because they're pieces of shit like the
Westboro Baptist church.
Like they should things because they're bad people.
Like all they want to do is go protest a soldier's funeral.
Well,
you know,
I didn't want to cause a stir Megan Phelps who left them,
right?
That got out.
Yes.
And now she met a guy on Twitter.
It's a great store.
Right?
It's an amazing,
she's human again.
Well,
she started talking to people and then investigating and real and dude,
well,
I'm telling you,
when you talk to her,
she's like the nicest,
most reasonable person.
And to think that just 15 years ago,
whatever it was,
10 years ago,
she was a full on zealot.
Yeah,
it's weird.
And her dad or uncle,
grandfather rather can get it right.
Her grandfather is the Fred Phelps.
He started the whole thing.
He's the old dude that hold mean guy.
But do you think it's facts you completely do?
You complete buy into the fact that she's scared of it.
So none of that is,
she's so honest and open about what she felt and why she felt it and why she was
conflicted and why it didn't jive with what she was reading in the Bible.
It didn't make sense to her.
Right.
And,
and the way he was doing it when she was realizing was not how Christians did it
all over the world.
Right.
And that this,
this,
you know,
this desire to constantly get attention in the news.
Even at soldier's funerals,
they would go to soldier's funerals and say that these soldiers are dying
because gay people are getting married.
Like what they were saying,
they deserve to die,
that deserve to be dead.
I mean that kind of,
you know,
but I'm telling you from that she's like the nicest person you'd ever want to
meet.
So she found some regulation in her world.
She realizes it was bullshit and she was tricked and you know,
she's done a great job to free herself.
But when you indoctrinate someone heavily into anything,
and this is whether it's being a religious zealot or being a political zealot,
you indoctrinate someone when they're early in their,
their,
their youth,
they're formidable years.
Very difficult for them to get out of it.
It takes real work because that's what I mean.
That's why I guess I'm saying it sticks with you,
right?
Like my whole thing is there's things instilled in me from my youth,
from where I grew up culturally and how I grew up that even though I'm more
learned now,
I still do understand those ways of thinking.
Right.
So it is hard to break away from those things.
Even though like when you just said the whole like a woman's right to choose,
right?
Like I grew up in the Midwest,
I grew up Catholic.
This is how I am most of my family is for so in so many words against abortion,
uh,
but I don't think these things are mutually exclusive that you can be against
abortion and against women's rights to choose.
You can say that you don't like abortion,
but also say I'm not going to control what you do with your body.
It's kind of how I feel.
I don't love the idea of abortion.
I'm being honest.
I just,
I just don't love it.
But I do think I'm not going to stand here and tell people what to do,
but I should be able to still say I don't like it.
I don't think it's,
I don't think it's a healthy thing to do.
I don't really enjoy,
I don't enjoy like the spreading of it being kind of this not a big deal thing.
But I do think people can do whatever they fucking want to do.
But I'm also allowed to go.
Uh,
I don't,
I don't love the idea.
Like I don't like it.
Uh,
just an option.
I just don't love it.
I don't love it.
Birth control is obviously the best method of course.
And I think women should be more aware,
but women,
when they take birth control,
man,
they have to,
I'm not not advocating for abortion as a method of birth control,
but what I'm saying is when women take birth control pills,
that shit fucks with them.
That fucks with their horn.
Not a good thing.
It's not good.
And that I know.
And,
and when they do it and they also smoke,
it can cause like real complications.
It can,
it's a lot.
It means there's a lot of women have really bad reactions to the pill changes
your behavior,
suicidal tendencies.
I've heard a lot of like really bad stories.
Now I'm also saying if we want to look at it from a different perspective,
men should also take way more fucking responsibility then.
Like,
this is the other side is this,
this argument tends to land on women a lot where it's like,
you don't tell me how to fucking,
you don't tell a woman what to do with the body's like,
okay,
that's fine.
I'm just saying how I don't like it.
Also,
I don't like guys nothing in women and fucking ghosting and not wanting to raise
a child.
Right?
So I think the other side of it is two parties here should be responsible.
Men should take some fucking responsibility over,
stop coming inside of these fucking people.
If you're not ready to have kids,
I'm just being real.
It's like either wear a condom or stop,
stop,
stop doing the thing that you know makes children.
Yeah.
So,
you know,
but again,
this is this weird balance of,
like I say,
I come from this and I am not conservative,
but like this real Catholic upbringing in the Midwest,
you know,
a good old Irish Catholic boy and the ideas that you hear as a kid all the time,
you then grow.
And I now go,
I think people should be able to do whatever they want to do.
I'm not gonna fucking control somebody,
but I still have those little moments of,
yeah,
I just don't love it though,
because it was something that was instilled in me as a youth.
[inaudible].